Unify manifest mode articles and fix links (#264)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/concepts/manifest-mode.md

# What is manifest mode?

vcpkg has two operation modes: [classic mode](classic-mode.md) and manifest

> mode. For most users, we recommned manifest mode.

Reviewer: > recommned

recommend?

}
```

## Manifest files in projects

The main purpose of using a manifest file in your project is to declare your
dependencies. When using a project manifest, you're able to specify version

> constraints and overrides to lock specific versions of your dependencies; which
> is a feature not available in classic mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
constraints and overrides to lock specific versions of your dependencies. This 
feature is not available in classic mode.
```

}
```

## <a name="install-manifest-mode"></a> Installing packages in manifest mode

To install packages using a manifest file you use the
[`vcpkg install`](../commands/install.md) command without any package arguments.
The command must be executed from a directory containing a manifest
([`vcpkg.json`](../reference/vcpkg-json.md)) file, or the path to a manifest
file provided by using the `--x-manifest-root=<path>` option.

Packages installed in manifest mode will not be installed in the global
[`installed`](../reference/installation-tree-layout.md) directory as they do in
classic mode. Instead, each manifest gets its own installation directory named
`vcpkg_installed`; the `vcpkg_installed` directory is created in the same
directory that contains the manifest file.

Having independent installation trees per manifest allows separation of
dependencies between different projects. This circumvents a crucial limitation
of classic mode, which only allows one version of each port to be installed.

> While manifest mode keeps versions of ports separated per project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manifest mode keeps versions of ports separated per project.
```

## Using features in project manifests

> Manifest files can define additive sets of functionality, behavior, and
> dependencies; through the use of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manifest files can define additive sets of functionality, behavior, and
dependencies through the use of
```
